Acrolinx Batch 6 Edits (#3780)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli.md

An Azure service principal is an identity created for use with
applications, hosted services, and automated tools to access

> Azure resources. This access restricts the roles assigned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roles assigned to the service principal restrict access. This gives you control over which resources can be accessed and at what level.
```
